feat(kpop): add target prop and conditional teleport [KHCP-15449] (#2650)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/popover.md

</KPop>
```

### target

> In certain scenarios, you may need to render the popover above other elements. To achieve this, use the `target` prop to specify a selector for the element where the popover will be teleported. When falsy value us passed, the teleport will be disabled, therefore popover won't be [teleported](https://vuejs.org/guide/built-ins/teleport). Defaults to `null`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In certain scenarios, you may want to attach the popover to other target elements. To achieve this, use the `target` prop to specify a selector for the element where the popover will be teleported. When falsy value us passed, the teleport will be disabled, therefore popover won't be [teleported](https://vuejs.org/guide/built-ins/teleport). Defaults to `null`.
```
